Come on down.
Hey, take a look
Tiangong eye dog men and women are here
Dog man and woman
Yo, isn't this the door-to-door son-in-law of Lin Mansion?
How did you become such a virtue?
The one next to him is also the maid of Lin Mansion
What did the two Meng Fei do to the mustard man?
Have you been kicked out of the Lin Mansion?
Hahahaha
Really immoral
Folks smash it for me
They smash
Smash
Smash smash smash smash who
I am also the son-in-law of the Lin Mansion
Who dares to do anything to me?
What son-in-law of Lin Mansion?
It's just a dog man and a woman
Folks, smash it for me
Wait a minute.
Madam madam save my madam
They don't take you seriously at all
Go go go
Folks, what are you doing?
What's the point of throwing a few broken vegetable leaves?
Come
Folks, I am a person
I don't usually dare to call servants
Today, you will help me make rules
I'm here for you.
Thank you very much indeed.